# number-guessing-game

**number-guessing-game**  is a shell-based application based on the fact that the computer estimates a number determined by the user and the user estimates the number generated by the computer.When the application starts, the user is asked who will make the first estimate and according to the input value, the course of the game is determined. The specified number is expected to be a 4-digit integer entry. The accuracy of the estimates values is checked. A hint is given to the user if the user's estimate is not the same as the value generated by the computer. If the number of the predicted number is present in the number generated by the computer and is in the correct digit, the user is given a hint as '+' and;  is in the wrong digit, the user is given a hint as '-'. For example, the computer has generated the number 1234 and the user has an estimate of 3245. In this case, the user is given a hint +1, -2 and is asked to estimate the number.
If it is on the computer that will make the prediction, the user is expected to enter a hint. Usually the expected tip is '+/- value'.

### Requirements
- Python 3.7.3

### Features
- when computer generated a number, it allows the user to guess it.
- when user thought a number, it allows the computer to guess it
- requires hint input for prediction
- easy to use

### Execute

please run this code with the help of a terminal in the corresponding folder;
```
python3 guess.py
```
or you can use an ordinary python IDE to use app
